as you guys know I've been ramping up a lot
of activity on the channel recently we've had
amazing episodes we just interviewed James Fox
the best documentarian in UFO history Lou alzando
OG whistleblower from 2017 that is basically
responsible for a lot of the modern disclosure
we've seen it's been a really fun couple of months
but a lot of people ask me they say Jesse why
can't we get full UFO disclosure so I wanted to
make a video addressing that it seems like most
of what we have are sort of bits and pieces of
material it should be noted that if you actually
speak to a lot of people in and around the program
which it feels like Ross Kart and a few other
select reporters are doing we don't seem to have
that many wholly intact craft in our possession
it is my uh belief that the United States is in
possession of uh of exotic material so so again
whether it's Stanford Professor Gary Nolan who
actually showed me his UFO crash pieces or other
civilians who seem to have collected pieces here
and there it's really important to do things like
mass spectrometry and deeper analysis to rule
out other options you know maybe these things
are meteors they could be man-made it's really
important we go deeper on the material analysis to
ensure that that's not the case I also think these
crafts are probably extremely sensitive artifacts
of American National Security but until we're
shown any sort of intact craft we have to think
probabilistically and we need some epistemic
humid we can't be making super bold claims
around these crafts definitely existing having
said that I think all of this brings a really
important philosophical question up around what
is UFO disclosure I do think material analysis
is a good inroad to disclosure for example if we
figured out whether any of these materials were
arranged deliberately on an atomic level that
would be basically a Smoking Gun that they're
non-human because humans don't have that level of
granularity when it comes to fabricating materials
so I think materials analysis is actually a
decent inroad when it comes to disclosure there
are other tracks of disclosure I just don't think
they're The Smoking Gun that people actually want
so avobe is putting up a bunch of sensors to get
signatures that might represent UFO activity above
the Harvard Observatory so the Galileo project
is basically uh an attempt to collect new data
new evidence using the scientific method without
prejudice being agnostic about what we might find
in our fishing net we cast a fishing net it's a
fishing Expedition we don't know what we will find
it's probably a mixed bag it will be a collection
of natural objects a collection of uh human-made
objects but even if one object happens to come
from an extraterrestrial technological origin
that would be the most significant discovery
of humanity I applaud this I think it's a great
idea however I think if you're an average person
just seeing you know a bunch of signatures in the
abstract on some sort of Excel sheet data base is
not going to convince you that we're not alone and
that aliens might exist or non-human intelligence
exists and that and that UFOs are actually flying
around near the Harvard Observatory while I think
this work is incredibly important I don't think
abstract physics is tangible enough the next
approach would be finding video now I'm not
a VFX guy I think we live in this world of deep
fakes where it's really hard to tell real videos
from fake videos and so I think it's incredibly
important that we surface as many videos as we
can that we think are High Fidelity incredible and
so people like Jeremy Corbell are doing a great
job when it comes to this what's so interesting
about this footage is it has now been confirmed
by the Pentagon that it is actual Navy filmed
footage so you're seeing a thermal imagery but
unless you have the expertise to actually verify
the credibility of these videos understand their
entire chain of custody how they were filmed the
machinery and equipment that caught these videos
I'm just not sure that you won't have permanent
doubters on any of these videos regarding the
jellyfish UAP in your opinion it was Birds
migrating or you're just you were just making
an analogy it ended up being debunked it it wasn't
any it was not a a u UAP if we were being visited
I I'm thinking we'd have something better than
fuzzy monochromatic video of of of objects that
apparently reveal themselves only to Navy Pilots
finally there's Legend legislature and government
action betting on government inertia is always
a good bet and betting on government action is
almost always a Bad Bet and so while this work is
incredibly important when it comes to our civilian
Congress having some transparency and oversight
into the UFO issue which they are now starting to
gain I just don't think this access of progress is
going to move fast enough just look at last year
we had this Schumer Amendment to the National
Defense authorization act which got entirely
gutted one of the biggest parts of this amendment
involved congressional oversight over the UFOs
themselves basically the ability for Congress
to declare eminent domain or ownership over any
UFOs that private aerospace companies might be in
possession of I think if that were passed it would
be a major major deal and I encourage all of you
to discuss this with your local congressmen and
women but as you saw then and as you're seeing
this year it seems like these initiatives keep
getting gut it the measure I championed with
Senator rounds would create a board just like
we did with the JFK assassination records to work
through the declassification of many government
records on uaps this model has been a terrific
success for decades it should be used again with
uaps but once again House Republicans are ready to
kill this bipartisan provision our government is
unfortunately controlled by special interests
and big corporations and a lot of these big
corporations are the same defense contractors that
donate to the campaigns of the Congress people who
are gutting this bill just take Mike Turner he
had a huge part in diluting the wording around
the Schumer Amendment last year he represents
Dayton Ohio which is where Wright Patterson Air
Force Base is and where a lot of the UFO rumors
are centered another culdesac when it comes to
UFO disclosure that I am sometimes guilty of
myself is theorizing so I think there you know
uh amazing theorists like Mike Masters and jock
ble who talk about you know okay we're seeing
all these UFOs in the sky you know we have
these abduction cases what do you make of the
whole abduction hypothesis there we're going to
the the second level which is the physiological
and psychological level there is first there
is no question in my mind that something has
happened to those people in other words those
are real occurrences those are not imaginary
or purely psychological what are the non-human
intelligence how can we kind of create a high
out of them how can we figure out their intent
all of that is incredibly important work but on
some level unless an alien steps out of a craft
and allows himself to be filmed for everybody to
see it's sort of not falsifiable or as one of my
favorite physicists Richard fman would say not
even wrong so in this video I wanted to talk about
maybe the most underrated inroad to disclosure
and that is the recent history of people people
that you've all heard of people like Robert Jay
Oppenheimer Edward Teller Curtis lame possibly
even Henry Kissinger who were involved with UFO
secret programs if we could prove that any of
these people actually had something to do with
the UFO Legacy program that would be a massive
breakthrough when it came to disclosure a lot
of these people have relatives that are still
alive they died not too long ago this is fairly
recent history and they're extremely esteemed
scientists military and government Personnel
so without further Ado I filmed this a couple
of months mons ago and it was actually based on
a private presentation I gave in front of a group
of scientists in Italy which turned into a debate
with scientific skeptic Michael Shermer what about
these things that supposedly move far faster than
the speed of sound without the sonic boom yeah how
is that possible how is that possible that's right
it's not that's that's where it gets weird that's
where it gets weird right but is that's where is
it ours is it really moving at that speed or is
it a misperception of the video a miscalculation
a lot of people were interested in this and
basically it is a resuscitation of a lost
timeline in American history a timeline in
which top American Military government and
scientific brass were incredibly deep on the
UFO issue they seem to be studying it since
1947 we have received and analyzed between 1 and
2,000 reports that had come to us from all kinds
of sources they were looking into anti-gravity
and all of these progr programs were bound up
with American Atomic programs I hope for you this
video essay represents a very hard-headed detailed
chronology that is a good basis point or jumping
off point for further speculation and study this
episode is brought to you by raycons when it comes
to your earbuds don't settle they are literally an
appendage on your body raycons everyday earbuds
are Head and Shoulders better than anything else
I've tried they have a 32-hour battery life
so I'm never hunting for a charger they have
active noise cancellation and they're also just
more comfortable than any earbuds I've ever used
whether I'm on a walk run calling somebody
listening to a podcast or in the editing room
raycon is the perfect solution for any of those
environments plus the multi-point connectivity
means I can seamlessly switch between my phone and
laptop without missing a beat which as you know
can be an issue with other headphones I'm using
the black ones here but they come in a wide array
of awesome colors you can select from the w less
charging case is also epic the protective case
design matches the earbud Sleek look and again you
have wireless charging so you rarely need to juice
them up finally they're just really affordable
and you have a 30-day happiness guarantee so
you might as well order them if you want to try
them out go to by raycon.com Jesse Michels and
get a 20 to 50% sitewide discount the link is
in the description in the pinned comment below
to the extent we can actually uncover whether any
of these people actually worked on these secret
you know gravity related or UFO programs I think
uh you know that's a way more exciting Revelation
than you know again video data you know all these
other things that which would I think would be
very helpful but not move the needle nearly as
much as you know this kind of recent history
this forgotten timeline so in 1971 the Australian
joint intelligence organization which is basically
Australia's CIA came out with a memo and the whole
thrust of the memo is written by the head of their
nuclear division a guy named Harry Turner who was
looking into US efforts into UFOs in anti-gravity
and he his belief was basically like the US had
thrown all the other countries off the trail
see the us at the time had this program called
Blue Book it was the official Air Force program
studying UFOs in the 50s and 60s and yet Blue
Book would kind of minimize downplay rationalize
explain away all UFO sightings and here Turner
in the early '70s is realizing on behalf of again
his sort of CIA that actually us inquiries into
anti-gravity and UFOs go way deeper than meets
the eye and actually there were real programs
Behind Blue Book that were far more vital than the
research being done that was kind of front-facing
to throw the public off the trail and to throw
other countries off the trail on behalf of the US
and so this document this 1971 Australian document
is basically a comprehensive doc documentation
of all us inquiries into anti-gravity and UFOs
in the 50s and 60s and it says some very bombshell
things it lists the scientists that were involved
in these programs and it lists names like you
know you've probably heard of a lot of these
people Edward Teller Freeman Dyson Robert J
Oppenheimer as being invol deeply involved
in anti-gravity research it lists academic
outposts that the cia's office of scientific
intelligence was implicitly backing basically
some of our top research institutes at the time
and then it lists all of the biggest aerospace
companies at the time as well so you know Bell
aircraft they had just broken the sound barrier
in 1947 you have Martin Corporation this is Prem
merger with locki you know so kind of pre-lock
Martin Lear Corporation they had just invented
the first business airliner and so these are you
know really important claims that we have to look
into is any of this true or does does any of this
actually comport with evidence that we have from
the time do we have any artifacts to actually
support the fact that we were actually looking
this deeply into UFOs and anti-gravity well
actually we do so in 1956 there's actually an
article from young men's magazine which is kind of
an aviation and hobbyist magazine and the headline
of the article is the G engines are coming and it
basically has quotes from all of the top Aerospace
patrons that I just mentioned in the Australian
memo exuding confidence that the us is going to
beat gravity and it's right around the bend this
is basically a second Manhattan Project and in
the next you know five or six years we are going
to beat gravity and so you have all these crazy
quotes you have Lawrence Bell basically saying
we are working with nuclear fuels and equipment
to cancel out gravity and then you had George S
Trimble he's the VP of Martin Corporation so he
runs there actually their anti-gravity division
which most people don't even know they had an
anti-gravity division called Ras Research
Institute for advanced study and he's saying
that uh beating gravity could be done in about
the time it took to build the first atom bomb
uh so again sort of crazy stuff all in accordance
with that Australian memo but as you know of
course industrialists can be a little quacky they
can be off with their timelines they don't always
have the best sense of you know physics and where
it's headed so what were the smartest people you
know the top theoretical physicists actually
doing at the time well they were also kind of
obsessed with gravity in fact uh 1957 uh there's
this UNCC University of North Carolina Chapel
Hill conference UNC Chapel Hill is one of the
cia's academic outposts listed in the Australian
intelligence memo and the patron of this entire
organization is this guy named agnu bonson agnu
bonson was so obsessed with UFOs and anti-gravity
that he wrote a science fiction novel called the
stars are too high uh which is basically about
a fake Alien Invasion but uh perpetrated by uh
uh uh men who have created these anti-gravity
crafts and so he's obsessed with beating Gra
it and the whole thing is kind of bound up
with Aerospace in fact Lewis Whitten is Martin
corporation's representative from Ras remember we
mentioned George Trimble so Lewis Whitten works
for George Trimble you might recognize Whitten
from his last name his son goes on to be one of
the most prominent string theorists uh uh you know
in the world and but just look at the names here
you have Bryce dwit John Wheeler Peter Bergman
Richard feineman the top theoretical physicists
at the time all convened at UNCC Chapel Hill to
talk about gravity in the einsteinian Paradigm
in fact John Wheeler would complain against this
kind of prevailing ethos of the whole conference
and how interested it was in anti-gravity because
he would say I look I just want to study gravity
and why it breaks down why Einstein seems to
break down at subatomic scales so it's clear
that this conference is very kind of bound up
with Aerospace because Bryce dwit almost worked
at Martin Corporation you had Lewis Whitten who's
working at Martin Corporation in fact the whole
thing was so bound up with Aerospace base that it
was actually sponsored by right air Development
Center so right air Development Center is one of
the first Air Force bases in the US it's in Dayton
Ohio it was founded in 1917 and you know they
they basically tested a lot of the most advanced
uh you know aircraft and propulsion uh in the
early uh 20th century you know it's named after
the wri brothers of course and so why is right
air Development Center the top Air Force Base
in the US sponsoring this theoretical physics
conference around beating gravity and possibly
even figuring out anti-gravity what was their
interest in anti-gravity well a lot of people
don't know this but they actually had a team of
physics researchers working on anti-gravity at
the time at right air Development Center and so
you had this guy Josh Goldberg who's a PhD from
Syracuse and his group is called the Aerospace
research laboratory and their sole mandate is
basically to figure out how to beat gravity in
fact just to show you how seriously the lore
was that rright Patterson might have have
in its possession kind of exotic technology
that might require the study of anti-gravity in
its possession and just how you know impressive
the circles that those rumors reached I want
to actually show uh an interview with Barry
Goldwater who was then a sitting Senator he then
went on to actually be a presidential candidate
and here's a good video of him discussing his
inquiries into what secret Tech was being held
at rright Patterson Air Force Base I think the
government does know I can't back that up but
I think that uh at right Patterson field if you
could get into certain places you'd find out what
the Air Force and the government knows about UFOs
reportedly a spaceship landed it was all hushed
up quieted and nobody ever I've never heard about
much of it I called Curtis lame and I said General
I know we have a room at Wright Patterson where
you put all this secret stuff can I go in there
and I've never heard him get mad but he got mad
and hell at me cussed me out said don't ever ask
me that question again so that was a 1994 Larry
King interview but Barry Goldwater is clearly
talking about being stiff armed by the sitting
Chief of Staff of the Air Force at the time ctes
from ever getting in to right Patterson Air Force
Base then called right Airfield and so it's this
really important question what was sitting at
right Airfield and why were they so interested
in figuring out a theoretical understanding of
anti-gravity and so there are few interesting
possible explanations for this now one that a lot
of people don't know is that there was actually
Tech transfer from Nazi anti-gravity programs
that made it into right Airfield and so you
have I'm just going to give you kind of the high
level there's actually a secret kind of weapons
facility in Czechoslovakia in Modern Day Poland
run by SS officer Hans commer it was called commer
stab they were working on all sorts of crazy
kind of anti-gravity and UFO technology if you
want to learn more about that you should watch my
documentary I made about towns and brown the man
who built UFOs for the CIA where we go into more
detail there but you had all these Nazi scientists
who worked under commer stab who ended up working
at rright Patterson Air Force Base and so uh you
have this crazy kind of narrative where uh there's
this project called the avocar which was in in
1952 it was a joint operation between the cia's
office of scientific intelligence British aircraft
it was run by this guy named John Frost um but
through Operation Paperclip which we now know
about where we siphoned off all of these uh Nazi
scientists working on vital programs so that the
Russians wouldn't get them after World War II you
have a bunch of these kind of Nazi scientists guys
like Richard Maita Victor shurger Henry kwanda
Victor shurger had his own design for a flying
saucer it was called an impeller Richard meita was
working on kind of high voltage experiments very
similar to an American scientist named Townsen
Brown which we'll get into and then Henry Kanda uh
actually filed a patent in 1936 for his lenticular
aerodine saucer he was a Romanian engineer and he
was actually doing consulting right Air Force
Base for again the avocar project which started
in Canada but was taken over by right Airfield
the AAR famously had trouble flying uh but it
was this saucer shaped thing and it used kind of
a radial gas flowing turbine engine not you know
any sort of anti-gravity this might explain you
know given the saucer shape why right Airfield was
kind of looking into anti-gravity propulsion maybe
they wanted to use that for the abocar the second
reason that right Airfield might have wanted a
theoretical framework for anti-gravity is because
there were actually vital experiments going on
in the world of anti-gravity at the time in fact
you had this physicist named Thomas Townsen
Brown who had these gravitator experiments it
was basically you had this asymmetric capacitor
you had a positively charged plate a negatively
charged plate you know these two electrodes the
positive plate would be smaller smaller in size
than the than the negative electrode and you would
kind of pump the whole thing uh with mega voltage
range electromagnetism and You' get this infinite
chasing effect where the negative electrode would
chase the positive electrode even if the positive
electrode is facing skywards and so basically like
the whole thing seemed to beat gravity or create
some sort of synthetic gravitational field just
through the simple input of electromagnetism
now I I can't overstate the implications of
this Einstein spent the latter half of his career
trying to marry electromagnetism and gravity and
so obviously you're going to ruffle a lot of
feathers by saying that this kind of quacky
American inventor uh you know who dropped out of
uh he did go to Caltech but he ended up dropping
out you know actually kind of experimentally tied
these two irreconcilable forces uh and unified the
field um but you have all these amazing credible
Witnesses at the time witnessing his experiments
and saying we have no idea how this worked
this is astounding so you had Edward Teller
who's the inventor of the hydrogen bomb one of
the smartest you know people alive at the time
and again listed in that Australian document as
being involved in anti-gravity he actually sees
uh a modified version of towns and Brown's
fan precipitator experiment and his quote is
I don't know how this works and his wife turns to
towns and Brown's daughter Linda and she says you
don't know how nice it is to hear him say that
so even Edward Teller was astounded by towns and
Brown's experiments uh Air Force Chief of Staff
Curtis L witnessed his experiments in fact Linda
town and Brown's daughter recalls uh Curtis lame
chasing town and brown down the stairs because
he was so interested in his experiments and CH
me kind of followed my dad down the steps uh Bill
leer who's mentioned in that Australian document
he was kind of you know an aerospace Titan at the
time known as the autopilot wizard his office is
right across the street from uh towns and Browns
uh guidance Technologies which was in Santa Monica
in the ' 50s they were close collaborators and so
he was a witness of the experiments and then agnu
bonson who actually was the patron who I mention
who sponsors the Chapel Hill conference in 1957
with all the top theoretical physicists he is
simultaneous to funding that funding towns and
Brown and his gravitator experiments so I think
it's you know a possible mental framework is that
you have these kind of you have these like really
smart uh theoretical physicists kind of groping
in the dark for a solution a mathematical solution
to anti-gravity where you have while in the back
you have this kind of quacky inventor physicist uh
towns and brown actually doing kind of the vital
experimentation and then finally for the purposes
of right Airfield you have Victor brandus who's
a technical representative from right Airfield
who witnesses towns and Browns experiments in Los
Angeles and there's a direct quote from him where
he says believe it or not I think I just saw a
flying saucer and it frightened me um and so uh
you have a guy who's connected with right Airfield
and he's seeing this gravitator experiment and
it's freaking him out and Victor betrus works
for the famous Colonel Albert Boyd who runs uh
airfield's flight test Division and so again they
might want a theoretical framework because they've
seen these experiments that seem to defy gravity
at the time in fact right Airfield might have been
so interested in towns and Brown's experiments
that according to his daughter Linda he actually
had a technical consultant named Charles
Wyatt Miller from right Airfield living with
his family at all times basically following them
around wherever they went so they were seriously
keeping tabs on him so again right Airfield might
have been privy to these sort of experiments and
then that might have made them interested in kind
of a theoretical understanding of anti-gravity
and you know towns and brown is kind of shrouded
in controversy there's a lot of kind of disinfo
about his career just to push back on some of
the detractors here is a recently Declassified
FBI document at least according to the FBI at
the time in 1943 he was known to be the Navy's
top expert when it came to raadar and so again I'm
not saying that you know expertise in radar means
that necessarily his anti-gravity experiments
actually worked but I do think uh the idea that
he's this amateur quack does quickly dissolve
upon any further investigation not only that
but uh there's a lot of evidence that towns and
Brown's work actually made it into the B2 stealth
bomber in fact a lot of people say B2 is named
after Byfield Brown which is his experiments his
capacitor experiments and again this is something
I wasn't quite sure of you do have a lot of
interesting you have this 1968 paper that North
R published and it's basically about North RP's
investigation into Electro aerodynamics and which
is basically towns and Browns work and uh you know
sort of mysteriously disappears um so you have
some possible evidence there uh but you also have
you know Britain's Premier uh Aerospace journalist
a guy named Bill Gunston basically saying uh you
know I'm very sure that towns and Browns work made
it in the B2 stealth bomber and you know this is
basically this kind of survey level overview of
all the the Aero engine technology in Aerospace
he's writing for Air International magazine
in 2000 gunson goes on to write that he had
been well acquainted with the rudiments of TT
Brown's theories for years but he had no wish
to reside in the Tower of London so he'd refrain
from discussing clever aeroplanes with Leading
Edge charged to millions of volts positive and
trailing edges charged to millions of volts
negative again that negative to positive thrust is
literally towns and Browns experiments so leading
guy when it comes to you know radar in the Navy
and his work probably made it into literally the
United States friese stealth bomber like maybe
he's more serious than meets the eye maybe he's
not this complete joke as he's kind of made out to
be and then you actually do some digging and you
realize he kind of planted all the disinformation
about himself and a lot of the people that kind
of made him out to be a joke uh you know probably
had incentives to do that for more information on
him you should probably just watch the documentary
I made called again the man who built UFOs for the
CIA final explanation for why right Airfield
might have wanted a theoretical understanding
of anti-gravity or to figure out anti-gravity
propulsion is because they had an alien Flying
Saucer in their possession and so they they had
retrieved a a flying saucer or disc uh from the
Roswell crash in 1947 that's kind of the most
famous story those crash materials reportedly
made their way down to Dallas Fort Worth to Fort
Hood originally and then they were taken to right
Airfield and so that's you know what all the lore
says you have you know this picture here of Jesse
Marcel holding you know uh uh for being forced
to hold you know he claimed that he was forced
to do this photo op with this um you know weather
balloon but in fact you had this kind of malleable
Memory Metal and it was kind of dis shaped and
you had these weird hieroglyphics on it and it
was actually taken to right Airfield and so again
these are three possible explanations as to why
right Airfield was so interested in anti-gravity
at the time uh kind of Nazi Tech transfer from
their anti-gravity programs Townsen Brown and his
you know vital gravitational experiments which I
don't know if they worked but uh they at least
convinced a lot of top military and academic and
scientific brass at the time or you had alien
material taken from Roswell and you know moved
to right Airfield now right Airfield actually re
successfully reverse engineered a German Pulse Jet
engine in 1943 it was the literally the place that
would reverse engineer adversary technology if
that was ever retrieved so it would make sense
if you found an alien vehicle you would take it
there first uh it also is one of the first centers
for nuclear propulsion in the US so you're getting
this crazy picture where in the 40s 50s and 60s
the US had a way deeper interest at very high
levels when it came to anti-gravity and UFOs and
maybe we had more understanding of these domains
than meets the eye so this could explain the
Twining memo so the Twining memo is this famous
document that people in UFO world love to sight
they think it's you know this super important
document because you have this guy General Nathan
Twining who runs the air material command for
the Air Force he's responsible for all aircraft
development the most advanced aircraft development
for the Air Force and he writes in 1947 he says
UFOs are real they're not Visionary or fictitious
he goes on to describe their attributes they
have no Vapor Trails they display rates of you
know extreme rates of climb and maneuverability
you know all sorts of observables that now the
Pentagon is come out with and they say you know
similar things about UFOs like you know no visible
propulsion that sort of thing this is the that
version of that but for 1947 but by far the most
interesting part of the Twining memo is the part
that everybody ignores it's the postcript of the
memo where Twining actually writes it is possible
within present us knowledge provided extensive
detail development is undertaken to construct a
piloted aircraft which has the general description
of the object above and again he's describing
these attributes which break physics when it
comes to Aviation and he's saying we actually
have in our present knowledge the ability to
build these things and then he goes on to say
without mentioning kind of the Manhattan Project
that we basically need a Manhattan Project Style
effort in order to do this so then he goes on to
say any any developments in this country along
the lines indicated would be extremely expensive
timec consuming and at the considerable expense
of other projects and therefore should be set up
independently of existing projects so again if you
have a secret UFO program it should probably be
fully insulated from civilian bureaucrats moving
in and out of government it should be this top
secret thing with only the most vital scientists
and only kind of super deep Intel people with a
need to know basis who aren't moving in and out
of government and aren't going to kind of Spill
the Beans well the idea that this is actually
housed in kind of a Manhattan Project Style
effort and that manhatt the Manhattan Project
secrecy overlays UFO secrecy completely comports
with David gush's whistleblower revelations in
2023 so David grush is a buddy of mine uh he was
at the Air Force he was at the National geospatial
Intelligence Agency and he was also uh part of the
UAP task force to look into UFOs and he basically
uncovered what he claims to be uh these kind of
decades long uh UFO reverse engineering programs
in deep black compartments of the government and
he says that uh the guy that actually set up
the secrecy protocols for UFOs was Robert J
Oppenheimer and another guy named Robert sarbacher
I would probably ask sarbacher Oppenheimer and be
like what was your thought process in the 40s and
50s you know squirreling this away I mean besides
overlaying the Manhattan Project secrecy and
these guys basically are responsible for the 1954
atomic energy commission which overlaid nuclear
secrecy on top of UFO secrecy in this really
kind of interesting clo and Dagger way so if you
actually read the atomic energy Act of 1954 the
definition of special nuclear material is actually
incredibly flexible and pliable in kind of at the
discretion of the atomic energy commission it's
basically any material that kind of emits any
radioactive properties so any Alpha Beta gamma
radiation anything radioactive is born Secret
Under This atomic energy Act of 1954 and so if
you know uh an aerospace contractor or the CIA or
anybody guarding a nuclear base encounters any of
these sort of UFOs that material gets immediately
shrouded in secrecy and immediately overlaid
with the same classification system as nuclear
secrets no it is if you actually read the atomic
energy act if something is not a nuke but it has
radiological energy coming off it you know Alpha
Beta Decay whatever same secrecy same secrecy and
the crazy part about all of this is that UFOs seem
to just show up over nuclear bases in fact that's
this incredibly important correlation that a lot
of people don't know about there's a journalist
named Robert Hastings who documents 167 UFO
sighting cases at nuclear bases across the entire
United States in fact every single nuclear base
in the US has been visited according to him and
167 ICBM security Personnel radar operators people
who work at these nuclear sites who are on What's
called the PRP program where they have to be the
picture of mental health and they have to report
if they're on you know ibuprofen or anything uh
because they are guarding the crown jewels of
American defense in the form of these nuclear
silos uh and so uh all of these guys report
seeing kind of anomalous objects in the skies in
many cases they actually report the sites being
rendered inoperable there are a couple of famous
cases Bob Jacobs in 1964 at vandenbberg uh Robert
Solas uh 19 67 at malstrom Base in Montana uh you
have a ton of these cases uh even up until 2010
right before Robert Hastings retired Fe Warren uh
nuclear base in Wyoming where you had this outage
for an hour on the base which is obviously this
massive National Security concern and Hastings
actually did some back channeling with some of the
uh nuclear base employees there and they basically
attribute that outage to this Tic Tac shaped
oblong object flying around and taking out the
power at Fe Warren and so you have all these cases
he's documented all of this in this fantastic
book called UFOs and nukes and lest do you be
thinking that Robert Hastings and David grush and
Oppenheimer and all these people are kind of part
of some you know American National Security cabal
and that there is no tie between nuclear and UFOs
just to show you that that is definitely not the
case there's literally a town in Japan called loo
which is in Fukushima where they have a nuclear
civilian power plant uh that is dedicated to UFOs
in fact Vice made a documentary on this town I
believe in 2020 or 2021 and it shows that a lot of
the residents of the town are obsessed with UFOs
there's a museum that is dedicated to UFOs at the
top of this mountain you have all these bizarre
geomagnetic anomalies and so clearly this is not
some coordinated sop and so again uh civilian
nuclear and uh uh weapons nuclear are are this
important thread in fact uh the appendix of uh
UFOs and nukes by Robert Hastings includes seven
or eight cases of UFOs showing up around civilian
nuclear reactors as well Fukushima of course is
famous uh for its nuclear disaster in 2011 but
they've had a civilian grid there uh since the 70s
and this Museum dedicated to UFOs was actually set
up in the 9s so again I think this would require
far more coordination uh you know than just this
kind of deep State National Security cabal in
the US this is clearly a global phenomena and
this correlation with nuclear is this incredibly
important point that needs to be investigated
finally I think one of the most important
points when it comes to UFOs is that UFOs were
marginalized as kind of quacky and not serious
but they were marginalized by two important people
these physicists in the 50s and 60s who were
tied in with the atomic programs themselves so
HP Robertson which created the Mandate for Blue
Book this you know Robertson memo which is now
Declassified but it was meant to be kept secret
at the time in 1952 uh at the end of 1952 before
Blue Book gets formed in 1953 the Robertson panel
basically makes blue book this kind of you know
let's explain UFOs away let's downplay it in media
books that sort of thing well people don't know
that HP Robertson actually had uh you know was
very tied in with American Atomic programs in fact
he was on the National Defense re research Council
under FDR and he had a lot of ties with people
like vavar Bush and Edward Condon was also very
close with vavar bush uh Conan was actually super
close with Oppenheimer they studied at gotten
together in Germany in the 1930s he actually
grew up in Al mordo right around the Ben from
Los Alamos and helped pick Los Alamos as a spot
for the Manhattan Project and he even wrote the
Los Alamos primer which was basically a document
that all employees had to read upon getting hired
uh at Los Alamos well uh Condon actually loses
his security clearance kind of mysteriously in
19353 54 the nominal reason for uh him losing his
security clearance was that you know he spent some
time at Berkeley he was this journalist he was you
know very he had all these labor sympathies and
that he was you know um shmoozing with socialists
or whatever and so that's why I lost his security
clearance but what's very interesting is that he
actually wrote the McMahon secrecy Act of 19
19 46 which is the precursor to the atomic
energy Act of 1954 so Condon actually goes on to
debunk UFOs from 66 to 69 he is part of what's
known as the Condon committee this uh you know in
Boulder Boulder Colorado this commission which is
basically you know rigged to basically show that
all us efforts when it comes to studying UFOs were
a total waste of time effort and money this was
supposed to be independent of the Air Force but
in fact Conan was in close coordination with Air
Force Colonels like Robert hippler and there's
even a written memo where Hitler is telling Condon
hey like you should show that all UFO research was
a waste of money we don't want another Blue Book
and so it was this kind of rigged thing to debunk
UFOs and it kind of is the nail in the coffin of
UFO research uh from The public's perspective uh
in the late 60s and onwards good analogy to the
UFO thing is to go to another thing that you know
Skeptics were saying was science fiction just 3 to
four years ago and now we have mounting evidence
that it's actually a real phenomena and there's
real science behind it and so that's Havana
syndrome Havana Syndrome again is this kind of
you know destabilizing dizziness migraines all
these weird symptoms that American MBC workers and
diplomats across the world were saying that they
were experiencing and you have all these Skeptics
saying you know it's this Mass psychogenic illness
they're hallucinating it they're making it up um
you know kind of blame the victim mentality and
just recently UH 60 minutes in collaboration with
DAR Spiegel came out with a piece showing that a
lot of these um were actually us counter Intel
agencies working specifically on Russia and so
there's this concern that Russia is responsible uh
for these kind of highfrequency beam weapons that
are causing uh you know these issues and so uh
you know I think that's a really good analogy for
the UFO thing where you have credible Witnesses
now we think it's total sci-fi and the best way
to actually corroborate this this is to go back
to this kind of Forgotten timeline where in the
50s 60s and' 7s people actually took this stuff
seriously and so here's a really good example
you have this recently Declassified document
around the salt to dayon talks where uh the US
is attempting peace with the USSR and you have um
you know and you have Secretary of State Kissinger
and he's talking to the Russian Ambassador Ani
do brinan and he's basically saying that these
microwave beams are making their way into the
US Embassy in Russia in Moscow and in fact they
are causing these rare illnesses and you have the
American ambassador to the USSR at the time Walter
stasel actually being medically discharged because
of a rare form of blood cancer that he would
eventually die from because of these highfrequency
microwave beams and if you read this transcript
uh he says you are joking and Kissinger says I am
serious and he doubles down he even gets specific
about the the amount of hours that the beams are
are are kind of flooding the embassy and so um if
you go back to the historical record you have
very serious people like Henry Kissinger kind
of as serious as it gets taking you know this
idea of you know what we would Now call Havana
syndrome very seriously and again this was thought
to be completely science fiction you know this you
know psychosomatic thing a few years ago and so
I think that's the perfect analogy to UFOs where
you have you know the 200 for nimit sighting for
example you have these you know kind of multi-day
corroborated multi- sensor you know Fleer data
you have radar data which unfortunately we don't
have access to but you have plenty of you know
credible eyewitness Pilots people like Commander
David fraver seeing these Tic Tac objects so
you have to go back to the historical record
to corroborate this in fact if you go to the
Salt talks again in 1971 that's a really good
analogy to uh the modern UFO conversation where
you have all these credible Witnesses people
like Commander David fraver uh you know radar
operators Navy fighter pilots uh who are seeing
these Tic Tac shaped or saucer-shaped objects uh
seemingly breaking physics in the sky and if you
actually just go back to the historical record you
know there's this is just the tip of the iceberg
that I'm presenting here uh you can uh you know
uncover all sorts of mounting evidence for this
and so I think uh resuscitating this forgotten
timeline is the way to make progress on UFOs and
that uh you know it's really fun to have these
debates about ontological truth but they kind
of devolve into metaphysics and these kind of
Everything is Everything conversations and so
if we want to make real progress let's talk about
the real Personnel the credible Personnel who are
at the top Circles of American Military academic
and scientific circles looking into UFOs and
anti-gravity over the last couple of years I've
had a lot going on simultaneous to the channel
you know I've uh invested in a lot of startups
and uh you know been involved in other things
and now I really want to focus a lot of my time on
creating content for you so I'm going to do more
raw stuff I just want more kind of sheer output
uh if you have anybody that you want to hear from
uh and get interviewed uh please let me know in
the comments if you want any topics covered let
me know uh uh or if you have any suggestions
generally I'm all ears and uh yeah I'm pumped
I think it's going to be a really good year I
think we're going to cover a lot of crazy stuff